pages/about.md, before:

---
title: Now
subtitle: ""
metaDescription: This page is all about me
date: 2017-01-01T00:00:00.000Z
permalink: /about/index.html
eleventyNavigation:
  key: Now
  order: 4
---
#### What I'm doing right [now now now](https://nownownow.com/about)


<img src="/static/img/clock.jpg" alt="Clock on a half green, half pink background">

### Location:

Living in Portland, Oregon with my senior kitty, Peggy 

### Professional Title

Technical Content Developer - Front End

### At Work

I'm currently a course developer at [Scrimba](https://scrimba.com/). My most recent course, Prompt Engineering for Web Developers, teaches students how harness the power of free AI language models like ChatGPT to supercharge their productivity, learning and professional growth. 

### Currently Learning
* Brushing up on Typescript
* TensorFlow and Dialogflow  
* Next.js  

### What have you been up to?

Singing in a barbershop chorus, karaoke, reading fiction.   

### What should we read?

[A Woman is No Man by Etaf Rum](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/34313931-a-woman-is-no-man)

### URLS

[treasureporth.com](treasureporth.com)

<https://www.linkedin.com/in/treasureporth/>

<https://github.com/trezp>

Commit message:

updates to about page, front page, work page

pages/about.md, after:

---
title: Now
subtitle: ""
metaDescription: This page is all about me
date: 2017-01-01T00:00:00.000Z
permalink: /about/index.html
eleventyNavigation:
  key: Now
  order: 4
---

<img src="/static/img/tenmilelake.jpg" alt="Clock on a half green, half pink background">

### Now
I’m living in Portland, where this year’s summer has been long, hot, and a little too intense for my Pacific Northwest blood. I’m counting the days until fall, when I can bundle up and drink hot lattes again!

Right now, I'm focused on landing my next role in tech education, instructional design, or learning and development. I'm seeking a role where I can make a meaningful impact with an established, focused and stable organization. 

### Balancing Work and Play
While I’ve been updating my resume and polishing my portfolio, I’ve also made time for a few summer highlights:
– a peaceful cabin retreat in Bay City (with a nostalgic stop at the Tillamook cheese factory)
– a weekend of glitter, music, and friends at Portland Pride
– a three-day pontoon boat trip on Tenmile Lake, which was as good as it sounds

### Studying Up 
Between job applications, I’m keeping my skills sharp via several Coursera courses on Learning and Development, Instructional Design, and AI. I'm also learning Articulate before my trial runs out, visiting local parks to brush up on my iPhone photography skills, and gaming with my partner when it's too hot to go outside. 

### URLS

[treasureporth.com](treasureporth.com)

<https://www.linkedin.com/in/treasureporth/>

<https://github.com/trezp>

#### Inspired by [now now now](https://nownownow.com/about)
